Modify S3333: Change text to LaYC (APPSEC-1221) (#3347)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3333/php/rule.adoc

When accessing files on the local filesystem, PHP can enforce security checks to
defend against some attacks. For that purpose, the `open_basedir` setting in the
main PHP configuration should define a root directory from which files are
allowed to be accessed.

== Why is this an issue?

When this configuration is not set, or set to a dangerous value, any file of the
filesystem can be accessed by PHP applications.

=== What is the potential impact?

While deactivating the `open_basedir` setting does not pose a direct threat to
the application's security, it can make the exploitation of other
vulnerabilities easier and more severe.

More precisely, exploiting a path traversal issue in that case will allow
attackers to access any file on the filesystem without additional restrictions
to those applied by the operating system permission checks. This includes

> system-critical or otherwise sensitive files.

Author: I tried to come up with another way of saying it.

== How to fix it

The main PHP configuration should define the `open_basedir` setting. Moreover,
this setting should not include overly large directories, such as the root
directory of the filesystem.

> Additionally, adding the current directory, noted ".", to the `open_basedir`
> configuration is also dangerous. Indeed, it is possible to change the current
> directories from PHP scripts with `chdir()`, making the hardening configuration
> useless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the current directory, denoted by "`.`", to the `open_basedir`
configuration is also dangerous. It is possible to change the current directory
within PHP scripts by calling `chdir()`, effectively removing any protection.
```
